Changed the color of the Read only input text (#2213)
solid-design-system/solid: .changeset/tired-apples-rule.md

---
'@solid-design-system/docs': patch
---

> Changed the color of the read only input text

Reviewer: Since we didn't actually change any colors, I suggest we change the changeset to better indicate what was done.

```suggestion
Updated the input read-only story to use `value` instead of `placeholder`.
```
